at/fhv/se/collabnotes/integration/application/CreateNoteServiceTests.java
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.integration.application.CreateNoteServiceTests
at/fhv/se/collabnotes/integration/application/EventProcessingServiceTests.java
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.integration.application.EventProcessingServiceTests
at/fhv/se/collabnotes/integration/rest/RestApiTests.java
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.integration.rest.RestApiTests
at/fhv/se/collabnotes/smoketests/rest/RestControllerSmokeTests.java
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.smoketests.rest.RestControllerSmokeTests
at/fhv/se/collabnotes/api/ViewApiTests.java
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.api.ViewApiTests
at/fhv/se/collabnotes/integration/domain/NoteRepositoryIntegrationTests.java
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.integration.domain.NoteRepositoryIntegrationTests
at/fhv/se/collabnotes/unit/domain/StatisticsTests.java
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.unit.domain.StatisticsTests
at/fhv/se/collabnotes/integration/infrastructure/HibernateStatisticsRepositoryTest.java
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.integration.infrastructure.HibernateStatisticsRepositoryTest
at/fhv/se/collabnotes/unit/domain/NoteRepositoryTests.java
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.unit.domain.NoteRepositoryTests
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.unit.domain.NoteRepositoryTests$1
at/fhv/se/collabnotes/unit/domain/NoteTests.java
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.unit.domain.NoteTests
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.unit.domain.NoteTests$1
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.unit.domain.NoteTests$2
at/fhv/se/collabnotes/integration/view/NotesViewIntegrationTests.java
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.integration.view.NotesViewIntegrationTests
at/fhv/se/collabnotes/smoketests/view/ViewControllerSmokeTests.java
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.smoketests.view.ViewControllerSmokeTests
at/fhv/se/collabnotes/integration/infrastructure/HibernateNoteRepositoryTests.java
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.integration.infrastructure.HibernateNoteRepositoryTests
at/fhv/se/collabnotes/integration/view/NotesViewTests.java
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.integration.view.NotesViewTests
at/fhv/se/collabnotes/integration/rest/RestTestUtils.java
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.integration.rest.RestTestUtils
at/fhv/se/collabnotes/integration/infrastructure/HibernateEventRepositoryTests.java
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.integration.infrastructure.HibernateEventRepositoryTests
at/fhv/se/collabnotes/smoketests/application/ApplicationControllerSmokeTests.java
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.smoketests.application.ApplicationControllerSmokeTests
at/fhv/se/collabnotes/unit/application/NoteDTOTests.java
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.unit.application.NoteDTOTests
at/fhv/se/collabnotes/integration/application/CreateNoteServiceIntegrationTests.java
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.integration.application.CreateNoteServiceIntegrationTests
at/fhv/se/collabnotes/integration/application/ViewNotesServiceTests.java
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.integration.application.ViewNotesServiceTests
at/fhv/se/collabnotes/integration/application/StatisticsServiceTests.java
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.integration.application.StatisticsServiceTests
at/fhv/se/collabnotes/utils/TestingUtils.java
 at.fhv.se.collabnotes.utils.TestingUtils
